Allow querying actions (ops, txs, fx) related to a specific liquidity pool. (#689)
stellar/js-stellar-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- Introduced a `LiquidityPoolCallBuilder` to make calls to the new `/liquidity_pools` endpoint, including filtering by reserve asset ([#682](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-sdk/pull/682)).

> - Expands the `Operation`, `Transaction`, and `EffectsCallBuilder`s to allow querying for a specific liquidity pool by ID ([#689](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-sdk/pull/689)).

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- Expands the `Operation`, `Transaction`, and `Effects` call builders to allow querying for a specific liquidity pool by ID ([#689](https://github.com/stellar/js-stellar-sdk/pull/689)).
```
